[Suspenseful music plays]
/V’M
m,
mm, m
m h’
h ’It’s a 5/Yent war/0’ /V
wit/rout a// the screaming... /V’
- H/Z
N ’ ’C‘ause you
don ’1‘
even
have to breathe the
5/7l7\l0'/(e
N ’If you just stop breath/77g N ’
N ’ Oh, no, they don ’t shed a tear
if their eyes never open /V’
Please don't shoot me.
I need my money, but it's not
just about the money.
This ATM ate my card!
I know.
You said that.
I just don ’t know
what else I can do.
N ’ They make use of one bu/let /V’
I was robbed.
Stop that guy!
There’s been a robbery!
I. Yes, it’s a s/7ent world h ’
Al: He's getting away!
Stop!
[Gunshot]
[Western music plays ]
[Grunting]
[Spits]
[Grunts]
Vic: You o’io’n ’t just rob
a bank, 070’ you?
Nope.
I might need to.
What are you doing?
Making contingency plans.
'BY burying guns and money?
- Yep.
So I guess you're getting ready
for the zombie apocalypse.
Nope.
Just Tucker Baggett.
He's coming after my home.
What does that mean?
That whole
wrongful death suit --
it's him just trying to ruin me
so I have to sell my land.
He wants to build
a golf course here.
Well, I'm not letting
that happen.
So you're gonna hide
in the woods and shoot at him?
I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
I can't just sit here
and take it.
I got to do something.
It's my home.
It's all I have.
It's not all you have.
You have your daughter.
You've got Henry.
And you have me.
You have your job.
Which you're not doing
very well right now.
I came to get you.
There was a bank robbery
in Powder River Junction.
We should_have been there
15 minutes ago.
[Suspenseful music plays]
Right.
So help me fill this in.
[ Scoffs ]
[Chanting in native language]
[ Dog barking ]
Mano’y: Good morning.
What ..
Why -- Why am I...
Sleeping outside?
You were a train wreck
last nIght.
What do you mean?
Well, you passed out
in the sweat,
which is pretty normal
for a nube,
and I would have taken you home,
but I don't know where you live.
And then when I tried
to bring you inside,
you woke up
and started hitting me.
And then you just started
talking crazy,
so I dropped
your pain in the ass here.
Come on.
You need coffee.
Hey, Mandy.
Is it normal to see things
during a sweat?
Like hallucinations?
Do you mean visions?
What did you see?
Like an animal, or something?
[ Eerie notes play]
Uh, I don't know.
I saw an owl.
That must be
your spirit animal.
Wow, dude.
That is not normal for a nube.
Usually, I mean, the only thing
I've really seen are, like,
weird colors and stuff.
Thank you for bringing me
back here.
I'm really sorry
for hitting you.
Yeah.
That was nuts.
So, what did you see?
Uh, did I have horns or fangs
or something?
You were just you.
But you were --
you were cleaning blood.
[ Eerie notes play]
My friend Henry was hanging.
Hanging what?
No, hanging.
Like from a noose.
He wasn't dead, but...
That is dark.
You -- You need to talk
to someone
that can interpret
that shit.
I don't know much,
but I know that shit's not good.
[Suspenseful music plays]
Ferg: What took you guys
solong?
Where's the victim, Ferg?
He's on his way
to the hospital.
- In what condition?
- I don't know.
The paramedics were gone
by the time I got here.
But the shooting happened
over there.
Ferg, finish taking the
statements from our witnesses.
Don't let anybody
take any photographs.
He had, like, shark eyes,
you know?
Like, they were dead
and emotionless.
It was ch/iilng,
but we get trained
for situations like this,
so I kept my shit together.
Pardon my French.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Clears throat]
Sheriff's department.
I understand
you had a robbery.
It was Cowboy Bill.
From the news.
- Who got shot?
- No.
Al Chambers got shot,
our security guard.
The paramedics took him
to the hospital already.
Their response time
was impressive.
We're here now,
and we got some questions
we need to ask, off-camera.
[ Scoffs ]
You sure this is
where It's supposed to be?
That's what Jim said
when he called it in.
And Jim
couldn't wait for us?
Well, he was late for work,
but he said it was here.
[ Dramatic music plays ]
Let me see if the registration
is still in the truck.
No need.
I know that truck.
Well,
who does it belong to?
Henry Standing Bear.
Go call it in.
All right.
Henry!
It was just like they've
been saying on the news.
Well, pretend
I haven't seen the news,
and why don't you tell me
what it was like?
So, we had just opened.
Cowboy Bill was, like,
the second or third customer
of the day.
_ Icould tell _ _
something wasn't qUIte rIght.
Then he pushed over
the note.
Do you have the note?
Um, I guess I probably left it
up at the counter,
but I remember
what it said.
It said, "Don't look at me.
Don't say a word.
Don't hit the panic button.
This is a robbery.
Put all of
the $505 and $1005
from your cash drawer
into this bag.
- No $205."
- That's a good memory.
I don't think
I'll ever forget it.
He was calm and polite,
but I could tell
he was capable of violence.
So you looked at him.
No, not really.
Just a couple glances,
but I couldn't exactly
describe him.
So how could you tell
he was capable of violence?
Did you see a gun?
Yeah. Definitely.
Okay-
Anything else you remember?
He was wearing gloves.
So he wouldn't have
left any prints.
So, what'd he touch?
Um, nothing, I guess.
Except for that note.
Right.
IfI go on eBay later
and see you trying to sell
the Cowboy Bill robbery note,
well, you're gonna be in
a lot of trouble, Paula.
Oh! [Chuckles]
Here it is!
I guess I put it in my pocket
without realizing.
Uh-huh.
Could I make a photocopy
of this?
No.
That's evidence in the possible
murder of your co-worker.
Right.
Sorry.
Look, if there's anything else
I can help you with...
There is.
I want to see
the bank security videos
and, uh,
I need to close my account.
Brooks:
Somebody just yelled ”robbery. ”
I’m following
the security guard.
Al: Stop!
[Gunshot]
Brooks: Holy shit!
Sir! Sir!
Do you have a phone?
Then call 911/
You're holding a phone.
Why didn't you call 911?
I didn't want
to miss any details.
So you have details
on the shooter?
You mean Cowboy Bill?
No.
I'm not one of those
heartless journalists
who would just walk away
from the man
bleeding on the ground.
I stayed to help.
You're a journalist?
Well, a-a blogger.
And, uh, a podcaster.
And a true-crime novelist.
Would I be familiar
with any of your work?
Well, I haven't been
published yet, but, uh,
the blog has been live
for a few months now,
and I've already
got over 200 clicks.
A day?
Total. So far.
But after you post
your videos from today,
I imagine that'll go up.
I hope so.
Mm.
Henry!
[Wind gusting]
[Telephone ringing]
[ Eerie music plays]
Took out
all your money?
Yep.
Looks like
a lot of cash.
Not really.
All she had left were $205.
So, nobody saw
the shooting.
The street was basically empty
when the shots were fired,
and I just got off the phone
with the hospital.
Al Chambers,
the security guard,
went into surgery
20 minutes ago.
Hey! l/l/a/t!
How you doing,
Shenﬁ?
Savwer.
What can I do for you?
I just wanted to stop by
and tell you guys
about a Facebook message
I got this morning
from one of my college buddies
back east.
He says, "You made the news
this morning, bro!
A_ real-life outlaw
In your county.
Hope you're not tied to
any train tracks or anything."
Then he attached
a link to a blog.
"This armed attack
represents an escalation
in Cowboy Bill's
string of bank robberies.
It's the first time
he's resorted to violence.
But by the time
the Absaroka County Sheriff
and his deputies ambled in,
the critically injured
security guard was long gone.
And so was Cowboy Bill."
Did you say a security guard
was critically injured?
Is it Al?
Is it my husband?
Did somebody from the bank
call you?
I saw online
that Cowboy Bill shot someone.
Please tell me!
Was it my Al?
[Sobbing ] Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Oh. my God!
No!
[Country music plays ]
H.97-
Have you seen Henry?
No.
He's not in the kitchen.
Yeah. I ’m sorry, guys.
I don ’t know.
Henry hasn't been around
for, like, a couple days.
Why are you
looking for Henry?
Uh, we found his truck
on the rez -- totaled.
And no sign of Henry.
When did you find
his truck?
Early this morning.
If you find him,
will you call me?
Why are you
looking for Henry?
I don't know.
I had a -- I had a dream.
Like a vision.
I was doing a sweat ceremony,
and I just had this feeling
like he's in trouble,
so...
What did you see exactly?
I saw him hanging
from a tree.
Do you know
what that means?
It means you shouldn't
have helped Darius
get released from jail.
What does that have to do
with anything?
Darius works for Malachi,
and Malachi wants to hurt Henry.
Ithought
Malachi was missing.
He is.
Cady, I need you
to help me find Darius.
I can't do that.
Sure you can.
He's a client.
You must ha ye an address
or a phone number
-where you can reach him.
- You arrested him.
Don't you have
that information?
He wasn't at home.
And the number he gave us
is fake.
I need you to give me
the real one, Cady.
I can't.
You're Henry's friend.
And I'm Darius' lawyer.
Well, call me
if you change your mind
_ about which one of those
Is more Important to you, hmm?
[Suspenseful music plays]
[Groaning ]
[coughs]
[ Muttering ]
Yo.
Shut the hell up, bro.
I can't even
understand you.
W- Water.
Please.
Mm.
Water?
Ohhhhh!
He dead yet?
Nah.
Talking in his sleep
all night, though.
Crazy shit.
Like he's hallucinating.
That r/ght; Henry?
You losing your mind?
You ever eaten
one of these burgers before?
From that little place
on the highway
just outside the Crow Rez?
Want a bite?
[Laughs]
lVo?
You probably shouldn't.
Too salty.
You need water.
0h, your body temperature
is way up there.
You a/n ’t even sweating
much anymore.
That's some _serious
dehydratIon.
Well.
Don't worry.
l/l/on ’t be too much longer.
Give me a call
tomorrow afternoon
if he's still hanging on.
So, what I'm wondering
is why I heard this
from a friend in Boston
before I heard it from you.
I've never been in the habit
of telling you
about every crime
that takes place around here.
Yeah.
Well, this is national news.
And I feel like an idiot
not knowing what's going on.
But you do know
what's going on.
You were right there
at the crime scene
putting your foot in your mouth
in front of the victim's wife.
Don't you try and turn this
on me, Walt.
Don ’t you mess with me.
Now, I told you I was gonna
slow-walk your suspension,
see how your trial went,
but if you succeed
in making this county a
punch line in the national news,
I'm not waiting
for any verdict.
We can't help
what the news writes about us.
Sure you can.
You can quit "ambling"
and do your job.
Now find the man
who shot one of my citizens
and find him
by the end of the week.
Or I w/l/ not just speed up
your suspension.
I will make it _
a permanent removal from ofﬁce.
[Suspenseful music plays]
[coughs]
L-I want...
water.
What's that?
[ Groans]
Thirsty?
Want some water?
[ Gunshots]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
Okay, thanks.
Al Chambers
is out of surgery.
Seriously?
Let's get over there.
He's the only one
who saw the shooter,
so the sooner
we talk to him...
The doctor said it might
be better if we gave him
a day or two
before we bother him.
In that case, let's comb through
the police reports
of Cowboy Bill's,
uh, robberies.
All of them.
The most recent one was in Utah.
Seems pretty much identical
to all the others.
Hits, uh, small-town banks
after they open,
hands the teller a note,
and asks for $505 and $1005 --
no $205.
Yeah, what's that about?
It says onl/ne that banks
put those exploding dye packs
in stacks of $205.
I don't know
if it's true,
but it seems like
he's done some research.
He's never hurt anybody.
Never even shown a gun.
Until today.
But he didn't show a gun
to the teller.
He didn't?
She said he had a gun.
took at the tape.
Here.
Cowboy 577/ has his hands
on the counter the whole time.
[Suspenseful music plays]
That's not
what Paula Walsh said.
All I know is that shooting
a guard is out of character
for the Cowboy Bill
I've just been reading about.
So -- So what's changed?
Why has he suddenly
turned violent?
Maybe he's desperate,
needs the money worse than ever.
This guy
doesn't seem desperate.
He's, um -- He's careful,
he's calm, he's polite.
He takes the time
to doff his hat
before he leaves
with the money.
Maybe he's not
our Cowboy Bill.
You think he's a copycat?
Cowboy Bill has never made off
with that much cash
in any of these robberies,
and copycats --
for them, it's about
the attention and the drama.
And Cowboy B/l/ has been
on every single news station
west of the Mississippi
at this point.
Actually,
east of the Mississippi, too.
That's how
the mayor heard about it.
Vic, call the FBI.
See if they, um...
See if they have any information
about these robberies
that's not in
the local pollce reports.
Me? They hate me.
Well, they -- they kind of hate
all of us, so...
Ferg, call the hospital.
Um, tell them I need to speak
to Al Chambers today.
Uh, they said
it'd be better --
I know what they said.
I can't wait 24 hours.
[ Footsteps ]
[ Panting ]
[Sighs]
Thank you.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
Ithought
he'd fall backwards.
Seen too many movies,
I guess.
[Sighs]
You keep getting yourself
into complicated situations,
don't you?
Do you have water?
[Tab pops I
Ah.
I think you misunderstand me,
Standing Bear.
I knew these men.
They’re bad men.
Cowards.
The kind of assholes
who'd sit in the desert
and watch a man die.
Will you untie me?
[ Exhales sharply]
But I don't know you.
Oh, I know you ’re Cheyenne,
and from time to time,
you show up here on Crow land.
But you're always being chased
by bad people.
I got a sense
you ’re not bad.
So I thought
I ’0' help you out.
But then I thought,
"if I set him free,
it might just bring
more trouble."
So...
[Suspenseful music plays]
[ Groans]
I decided to leave it
up to the spirits.
Marilyn.
[ Breathing heavily]
Please.
I need water.
If you have the pure heart
of a righteous warrior,
the spirits will help you
get free.
Help me!
Good luck, Standing Bear!
I'm rooting for you.
No.
No!
Come back!
I should have seen it.
It's my job.
I'm supposed to stop the bad
guys from taking the money.
Well, you did everything
right, Al.
But I didn't.
What do you think
you did wrong?
I shouted out
that there was a robbery.
You're not supposed to do that.
It's in all the training.
All the training in the world
can't prepare you
for when
the real thing happens.
That's right.
The most important thing is
to remember as much as you can.
- I guess.
- So, what do you remember, Al?
[sighs ] Just --
There was this asshole
complaInIng about hIs ATM card,
and suddenly, I look over, and
Paula's waving her hands at me
and pointing at this cowboy guy
who ’5 walking out the door,
and I followed him.
You said
you yelled "robbery."
How do you know
that's what happened?
Well,
as I was following him,
I remembered all these stories
about Cowboy Bill.
Me and Paula,
we ’ve been joking around
for weeks. .
about h/m com/ng /n.
Anytime anyone came in
with a cowboy hat,
we were all like,
"Oh, no, it's Cowboy Bill."
You know.
So Ijust realized it all
a little too late.
Did you get a look
at his face?
No. Not really.
I just saw his back.
Come on. Think.
What about
when he shot you?
Uh...
I don't know.
Uh, I was --
- You were scared.
- Yeah.
- Who wouldn't be?
You should take it easy
on that stuff, Al.
It’s gonna cloud your memory
Now, what else?
You know, I think I told you
guys everything I know.
Look, I know you're under
a lot of pressure,
but I think
he's done, Walt.
Yeah.
[Woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A. ]
Call operator.
Woman: Dr. Forrest;
ma/ 182, please.
[Suspenseful music plays]
[ Dial tone]
[Dialing]
[ Ringing]
Darius: tea ve a message
at the beep.
[ BeeP 1
Darius. Hi.
It's Cady. Again.
Um, I know that
I've called a couple times,
but I really think you're
gonna want to call me back.
I, um, uh...
Uh, you know that money
that the Tribal Police
confiscated
when they arrested you?
Well, I convinced them
to return it.
So just give me a call
and let me know
the best way to get it to you.
Okay, bye.
So, all the banks
that Cowboy Bill has hit
are within a day's drive
of, uh, Provo, Utah.
Qkay- So?
So I don't know.
Maybe that's where
Cowboy Bill lives.
[ Knock on door]
Hey, Sheriff.
You got a minute?
- No.
I think you do.
It's about Henry.
Vic, can you excuse us?
Or I could just stay.
I know you and Henry
haven't been getting along,
but I think he could use
your help right about now.
Why's that?
'Cause he's missing.
Missing.
IMmaww
that I cannot afford to drop.
Besides, I'm the last person
who would know where he's gone.
I know,
but your daughter could help.
- So ask her.
- I did.
She won ’t.
Because of her...ethics,
or something.
Lawyer stuff.
Mathias, what's going on?
Cady has a client
named Darius Burns.
She wouldn't work
with a guy like that.
She would, and she is.
And against my advice,
she sprung him from my jail.
$0?
So I think Darius
is still working for Malachi.
You think
Malachi is still alive?
Yeah. I do.
And he's got good reason
to be pissed at Henry.
Because Henry blackmailed him
into signing the Red Pony over?
Among other things.
Henry and Nighthorse also
banished Malachi from the rez.
[Western music plays ]
And now
you can't find Henry.
Worse.
Henry’s in real trouble,
Walt.
Can you get your daughter
to tell where to find Darius?
- Vic.
-Hmm?
I need you to take over
the bank robbery.
What's going on?
What's going on is that, uh,
this bank robbery
became the most important case
in my career this afternoon.
Now I have to drop it
to go take care of
something else, so...
What happened to Henry?
I don't know.
I need you to cover for me
while I try and find out.
So, we have basically nothing
on Cowboy Bill,
but I've got to ﬁnd him,
or your career could be over?
I know.
But if I don't find Henry,
he might die.
So for the next couple of days,
I need you to be me.
Don't do this.
What if I screw up?
You won't.
I trust you, Vic.
[ Panting ]
[Wind howling]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
I got your note,
Standing Bear.
You said
you needed help?
Hector?
You weren't kidding.
You don't look so good.
Ifeelnauseous.
That's the dehydration.
When it gets really bad,
you'll get muscle spasms.
Your heart will start to race,
and your vision will get blurry.
And that's when you'll know
you're screwed.
It gets worse?
It can always get worse.
[Sighs]
I am sorry for what happened
to you, Hector.
Why are you sorry?
I got you involved
in something complicated.
I got you killed.
Nah.
I chose a violent line of work,
Standing Bear.
Live by the sword,
die by the sword.
I never thought I would hear you
quote Aeschylus.
Who ’5 Aeschylus?
I heard that
in a Lil Wayne song.
[ Chuckles, sighs ]
Am I going to die?
Sure.
[ Rattlesnake hissing,
rattling ]
[Gunshot]
[ Breathing heavily]
But not today.
Hector. _
Where are you gomg?
You needed help.
I helped.
Hector!
Hector.
[Sighs]
[Dialing]
Yeah. Hi.
This is, uh, Sheriff Longmire,
Absaroka County.
I, uh...l need you to, uh,
trace a phone number for me.
A cellphone.
Yeah.
I don ’t understand
what the big deal is.
Just ask her already.
We've only been dating
for a little while.
I feel like
it'd be overstepping.
How is that overstepping?
She has been taking care of the
security guard, doing her job.
You are just checking to see
if he has told her anything
about the shooting
that he hasn't told us.
You're not asking her
to lie.
I'd be asking her
to betray a confidence.
She could lose her job.
Well, if we don't find
Cowboy Bill,
Walt could lose his.
Do whatever you think is right,
all right?
I'd just hate to think that
if the mayor gets Walt fired
that there's something I could
have done to prevent that.
[Sighs]
[Cellphone rings]
Yeah.
Sheriff Longmire.
Uh-huh.
Hold on.
Go ahead.
[Chuckles] Oh, my --
[ Laughs ] Morning.
[Chuckles]
Thought you might want
a pick-me-up.
Aww, you're so sweet.
No, I just also wanted
to say sorry
if I've been a little,
uh, distant.
You weren't distant
last nIght.
Well, I might be tonight.
I've been under
a lot of pressure
with this whole
Cowboy Bill thing.
Why are you
under pressure?
I mean, we all are.
Um, did Mr. Chambers give you
anything useful?
No. [Chuckles]
And he's really our only lead.
That's a bummer.
- Yeah.
-[ Sighs]
H.97-
If you hear anything,
like...
Why would I hear anything?
Well, I mean, you know,
if you are in Mr. Chambers' room
and you hear him say anything
or you make conversation...
Um, you know
I can't do that.
And, honestly, it kind of
creeps me out a little
that you're even
asking me to.
Creeps you out?
No. No, Meg.
I'm not asking you to do
anything unethical.
You totally are. That's exactly
what you're doing.
Okay-
I didn't think
it'd be such a big deal.
I mean, you did it before,
when you gave me the name
of Dr. Monaghan ’5 patient.
Somebody's life
was at stake, okay?
And if I had known you were
gonna hold it over my head,
I might have thought twice
before I did it.
Woman: Dr. Forrest;
ma/ 182, please.
- Dr. Forrest; please d/al...
-[ Sighs
]
[ Dog barking in distance]
[Barking continues]
[Suspenseful note plays]
[ Knock on door]
You alone?
Thought I heard
another car.
No.
It's just me.
All right.
Hand it over.
Well, Darius, actually,
before we, uh --
I give you anything,
we have to talk.
Why?
Let me start by saying
that I'm your lavwer,
so anything that we talk about
stays in complete confidence.
I can't tell anyone
what you say to me.
It's something called
attorney-client privilege.
Yeah.
I heard of that.
So I wanted to ask you
about Henry Standing Bear.
I don't want to talk about
nothIng but my money.
To be honest, I don't even want
to talk about
that.
Just hand it over,
and you can be on your way.
A-About that, I, um...
You don't have it.
You're just here
to smoke me out.
No. No, Darius,
I -- I swear.
Give me my money, bitch!
-[ Gun cocks ]
- Don't take another step.
[Suspenseful music plays]
Dad?
Step away from my daughter,
Darius.
Dad, what are you
doing here?
It's all right, Cady.
I just need to ask Darius here
a few questions.
I knew
I shouldn't trust you.
All you white people
say you're here to help,
but really, you're just here
spying for the man.
Darius, you have to believe me,
I had no idea --
I'm not an idiot.
I know when Sheriff Longmire
shows up
five minutes after his daughter,
that ain't no coincidence.
She didn ’t know I was here,
Darius.
I traced her phone.
I also know
that we're on the rez,
and neither of you can do
a damn thing to stop me
from walking out the door.
Why don't you tell me
where Henry is?
I'm not sure
I know a Henry.
I do know
you're not gonna shoot me --
not with all the legal troubles
you're having.
It'd be better for you
if tell me now, Darius.
’Cause I ’m gonna find Henry.
Then you'll be
in a world of trouble.
You're assuming I know where
this Henry guy is, Sheriff.
And you're assuming
he'll still be able to talk.
[Engine starts]
You shouldn't be working
with guys like that, Cady.
You shouldn't illegally
be tracing my cellphone.
[ Cady sobbing ]
(lady?
This is my fault, Dad!
I did this to Henry!
[Sobs]
Take it easy, Punk.
It's gonna be okay.
No, it's not.
You heard Darius.
He did something to Henry.
I never should have
let him out ofjail!
Darius is just trying
to scare us, Cady.
[Sobs]
Henry can take care
of himself.
No, he's in trouble.
I know he is.
He came to me in a dream.
You saw him in a dream?
I don't know how to explain it,
but I know he's in trouble.
[crying 1
I believe you, Cady.
But Darius isn't as smart
as he thinks.
I got an idea where he's been
and where to look for Henry.
H ow?
I saw a bag in his front seat
from a burger place
that's over by
the Crow reservation.
Mathias told me that Malachi had
been banished from the tube,
so he could be operating
from there.
The Crow Reservation
is huge, Dad.
How are you
gonna find anybody there?
I have a contact.
I 7/ start there.
Meanwhile,
you need to go home.
And lock the door.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Breathing heavily]
[Wind howling]
[ Panting ]
Mingan?
Mingan, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry
I couldn't save you.
L-I can't ..
I can't help anyone.
[Sobs]
[ Panting ]
For strength.
[ Heart beating ]
[ Echoing] Mingan!
[ Dog barking in distance]
[Keys jingle]
- Meg.
- I need to talk to you.
No. Me first.
I want you to know
that I was wrong.
I never should have
asked you to spy for me.
And I won't do it again.
Al Chambers
told me something.
Well,
1-! don't want to hear it.
Well, you need to,
because he lied to you.
- What?
- Yeah, I went into his room
to grab his lunch tray,
and he just started talking
about how he felt guilty
because he didn't tell the truth
to you and Walt.
- About what?
- About who shot him.
He's just going along
with what everybody's saying
in the news _
and soaal medIa.
Wait, are you saying
that Cowboy Bill
did not shoot Al Chambers?
I'm saying
that's what he's saying.
Well, then,
who did shoot him?
He doesn't know.
Hello?
Hello, Marilyn.
You always seem to turn up
the same time as Standing Bear.
Where is he?
Before I answer
that guest/on,
I need to know if you're
the eagle or the osprey.
Marilyn, I can't afford
to waste any time.
I think
Henry's in trouble.
You think?
Tell me
where to find my friend.
The eagle and the osprey
are not friends.
You see,
the osprey's good at fishing,
and Bald Eagle,
not so much.
The eagle takes advantage
of the osprey.
I'm not an eagle.
I don ’t know that.
All I know is,
you and Standing Bear
come flying in here
around the same time.
Sometimes he comes first,
sometimes you.
I can ’t tell
who ’5 catching the fish
and who ’5 taking advantage.
But I know you always
bring trouble here.
Trouble brings us here.
Please.
Tell me where to find him.
What's in it for me?
What do you want?
What do all people want?
Food. Clothing.
Shelter.
A little
walking-around money.
[Suspenseful music plays]
[ Panting ]
[Rain pouring]
It rained?
Water.
[Grunting, panting]
No.
No! No!
[Crying] NQ,
No! [ Sobs 1
[Screaming] No!
[Grunting]
We are running out of time!
We have got to talk to him now!
I said no!
If we question
Al Chambers again,
he's gonna know that Meg
betrayed his confidence,
and I promised her I wouldn't
put her in that position.
So what, we're just supposed
to proceed with
the security guard's
original version of events,
even though we now know
that that's a lie?
No.
took, original/y, we all thought
this was a one-man job
because that’s how everyone
says Cowboy B/l/ works.
But now that we know _
we're lookIng for an accompIIce,
let's go back in the notes,
look at all the security footage
and -- and see if anybody
fits the bill.
The shooter was outside!
So two accomplices!
Maybe more!
I don ’t know.
[Sighs]
I'm just saying
maybe we can afford to look
a little bit longer
before I destroy
my relationship.
[Sighs]
Fine.
You go take a look
at the bank security cameras,
and -- and I'll go through the
crime blogger's video again.
But if we don't find
anything by morning,
lam going to talk
to Al Chambers,
even ifit gets Meg
in trouble.
I'm not letting Walt
get fired.
You really shouldn't be around
here with all that cash on you.
This place is dangerous.
Just look what happened
to Standing Bear.
You still haven't told me
what happened to him.
It'll be evident
when we get there.
Where is there?
Near where the river
used to flow,
past the rock
that looks like a dog.
Got it. Thanks.
[Sighs]
The good thing
about crappy land --
nobody tries
to take it from you.
The bad thing is,
people discover
it's a good place to hide
and to do bad things.
Marilyn,
is Henry all right?
You tell me.
[ Dramatic music plays ]
What the hell
happened here?
Where is Henry?
Last time I saw him,
he was right there,
tied to those stakes.
[ Dramatic music plays ]
You untie him?
lVo.
Looks like
he didn't need my help.
[ Breathing heavily]
He got help
from the spirits.
It's clear your friend
is a warrior, Sheriff.
[ Breathing heavily]
Unfortunately, we're 8 miles
from civilization,
and tough as he is,
he didn't look like
he was up for a hike.
[ Breathing heavily]
Brooks:
Somebody just yelled ”robbery. ”
I ’m following
the security guard.
"I'm following
the security guard."
Al: Stop!
[Gunshot]
- Holy shit!
- ”Holy shit! ”
Holy shit.
Ferg!
Find something?
Yeah.
Look at this guy
across the street
right after the shooting.
The guy
in front of the store.
He's staring
at the camera, right?
Okay, and then...
He's walking away.
Why is he not gawking,
running toward the victim?
[Sighs]
Rained about 20 minutes
last night.
Must have been enough to loosen
the earth around the stakes.
-[ Grunts ]
- Whatcha doin'?
What you hoping
to find in there?
Evidence.
Huh.
What?
Well, the last I checked,
local sheriffs aren't supposed
to be collecting evidence
on the rez.
Won't hold up in court.
[ Birds cawing ]
[Suspenseful music plays]
Never hurts_to know
what's gomg on.
What you looking at there,
Shenﬁ?
Ravens.
[ Birds cawing ]
Henry!
[Western music plays ]
Henry.
Henry, wake up!
I'm here.
Wake up, Hen/y!
Come on!
Marilyn!
He's over here!
Bring the water!
Manlyn!
Marilyn!
Wake up, Hen/y.
All right.
[Grunts]
Walt?
Henry.
You ’re gonna be okay.
I'm gonna get you
out of here.
Okay?
I ’m gonna take your shade.
[Grunting]
Walt.
Hector lives.
Forget about that, Henry.
L-I need water.
Uh, I am not even sweating
anymore.
Marilyn had our water.
But don’t you worry. We ’re gonna
get you back to my truck.
[Grunts]
I'm gonna carry you.
You cannot carry me.
No.
I can't carry you.
But I can drag you.
Okay-
-[ Tone rings ]
- Hello?
Ed: Fish have been hitting
them b/g foam ug/ies
l/ke crazy
the last couple days.
Or if you hire
a more natural presentation,
I just got some hoppers in.
Buddy, you might as well be
speaking Klingon to me.
[Chuckles]
You shopping
for someone else?
No.
Came in to, uh,
ask you a few questions
about the bank robbery.
Oh.
Yeah, that was quite a --
quite a thing.
Uh, Cowboy Bill,
right here in Absaroka.
You see anything?
Uh,
just the ambulance lights.
That's all?
Yeah.
From inside the store?
That's right.
Hmm.
See, the funny thing
about that --
This picture was taken
right after
the security guard
was shot.
[Suspenseful music plays]
See,
and that’s --
that’s you.
And you're staring
right at the action.
So I ’m gonna need you to try
and answer my questions again,
no matter how difficult
that might be.
[Groaning ]
Are we there yet?
[ Groans]
I heard yelling, so I grabbed
my gun, and I went outside.
That was your first instinct?
To grab your gun?
We may not all wear a uniform,
but that don't mean
we don't car_e_about
our fellow CItIzens.
[ Clears throat]
Okay, 50, um,
you went outside.
And...
I don't know.
Someone was shouting
something about a robbery,
and then_ I saw
a man runnIng and --
and another guy
chasing him.
So I fired at the first guy.
I figured
he must be the robber
and the guy with the gun
was a cop or a security guard.
But it wasn't.
No, ma'am.
After I shot the man
I thought was the robber,
I saw him hit the ground,
and that's when I recognized
the bank uniform.
I was so confused.
I mean,
who was chasing him?
A blogger.
Why would a blogger
have a gun?
He didn't.
It was a cellphone.
He was ﬁlming
the entire thing.
Thatis how I got
this picture of you.
[Sighs]
I'm so sorry.
I.
I know I should have
spoken up sooner.
I just --
I guess I'm not as brave
as I think I am.
[Suspenseful music plays]
[Grunts]
[ Breathing heavily]
Walt.
You should really
get a cellphone.
[ Breathing heavily]
You think I'd get
a signal out here?
Huh?
Marilyn said there was
a little rain last night.
If we can find some shade,
maybe we can find some rain
that hasn't evaporated yet.
- Aah! Shit!
-[ Rattlesnake hissing ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
What happened?
Snake bite.
I need to get you
to a hospital.
[ Rattlesnake hissing,
rattling ]
Deputy Moretti.
So sorry to keep you waiting.
No, you're not.
So, how can I help you?
Are you
a man of your word?
Well, of course I am.
Then get off Walt's back.
Oh, any trouble Walt's in,
he's gotten there himself.
That's bullshit,
and you know it.
But, regardless,
you told Wait to find out
who shot Al Chambers,
and he did.
Really?
I don't remember
hearIng any reports
about Cowboy Bill
being arrested.
Because Cowboy Bill
didn't shoot Chambers.
A fly shop owner
named Ed Nardo did it.
He was trying to be a hero,
and he made a mistake.
And just so you know,
my original idea
how to handle this
was to come In here
and punch you in the face.
But Walt asked me
to be He him.
So I decided to take the
honorable high road instead.
That's one more thing
you should thank him for.
Moretti.
I Your boss is I
gang to lose the tr/al,
and he's gonna lose his job,
and you're gonna be on your own.
You sure you want
to talk to me like this?
Absolutely.
[ Door closes ]
N ’ Carry me home when the l/ght
in my eyes does fade /V’
N ’ Carry me home when the shadow
comes to take me away h ’
N’ Lay down my bones N
N’ Knowing I 7/ be
in a better place N
N’ Release my soul,
carry me home h ’
[ Groans]
N’ Carry me home h ’
N’ There ’5 no sorrow
down /n the ground N
[Grunts]
N’ Carry me home h ’
N’ Don’t you weep,
for I am freedom-bound N
N’ Lay down my bones N
N There is peace
within the light I ’ve found N
N’ Release my soul,
carry me home h ’
N’ Ooh, yeah h’
N’ Carry me home when the l/ght
in my eyes does fade N’
[ Monitor beeping ]
N’ Carry me home when the shadow
comes to take me away h ’
N’ Lay down my bones N
N’ Knowing I 7/ be
in a better place N
N’ Release my soul N
N’ Carry me h’
h’Home N